I am married to a gorgeous husband called Mark in Ambulennet.
We got married 2014, September the 5th, 2014.
It was the best day of my life I could think of.
A lot of people turned up, Mark's family turned up.
Glad in a way that my family didn't turn up because I didn't want them there.
Basically it was a very emotional time of day because I absolutely broke into tears and whatever because it was an emotional day.
Mark's family broke into tears as well.
We got emotional and upset.
Some of my friends were...
upset on the day because of me getting married.
Happy upset?
Happy.
How did Mark propose?
With a wedding ring.
With a wedding ring?
Yeah.
Did he plan?
What happened, we got married in a posh hotel in a...
I can't remember the name of the place but the hotel...
I don't think the hotel...
The hotel's there anymore.
I think it's closed down or somebody's overtaken it.
Basically we stayed in a hot tub and the hot tub was absolutely out of this world.
We were in the hot tub fully naked and we were both absolutely pissed out of our heads.
I meant we were drunk.